I'm just going to jump right into it I
don't want this video to be super long
when I first start off with lots on my
lips limited get questions on my lips I
have the Urban Decay what is this twenty
four seven glide on lip liner in anarchy
and it's just a bright hot pink color
and then over that I have the Mac matte
lipstick in candy yum yum this was a
popular color it was limited edition and
then it was permanent so um if you want
this you can go to your Mac stores and
try to find it's such a pretty like
super neon hot pink color I absolutely
love it and it's gorgeous for like the
summer time if you want to feel like a
Barbie so that's what's on my lips right
now I don't have any blush on or
anything I just have my favorite bronzer
of right now too faced chocolate soleil
this is not part of my favorites as I
already mentioned this before so I'm
trying to like mention things that i
haven't mentioned before so that's what
today's gonna be all my nails if you're
curious it's just one of those sally
hansen like sticker male strip thingies
let's just jump into my favorites of
this month i have a bunch of skincare
and that if you make up items i'll start
off with the skin care though the first
thing i have here is a supergoop SPF 30
everyday face and body lotion i actually
only use this on my face just because if
i use it on my body I would probably go
through it like super quick cuz it's so
small but it's perfect for the face so
this is what it looks like I got my ulta
but i think they discontinued this
actually but you know it's summertime
now or at least almost summer time so
you definitely need an SPF for the face
i highly recommend it I like growing up
my mom would always make me slather
myself an SPF and I hated it but now
that I'm older I understand because she
keeps telling me she's like if you don't
put on SPF you're gonna get all these
sunspots like I have on my face and my
mom has really bad sunspots and so I
always need SPF on the face um and just
this year actually I've been really into
SPF so if you guys are going to be at
the beach or out in the Sun a lot and
your face is going to you know absorb
the Sun you need SPF you know you need
to really like save your skin almost so
the supergoop
it's really nice there are other
affordable ones under this one's kind of
pricey but this one's really nice
because it's not too thick and it's it's
you know sit enough where I can wear on
the face throughout the day and I have
combination oily skin and this one's
perfectly fine on me it does have like
you know that sunscreen sent to it but
it's not super strong so that's why I
really like this one again it's my super
coupe SPF 30 you would at least 30 on
the face especially if you're at the
beach at least especially for summer I
don't recommend wearing this like every
day in the summer unless you're okay
with wearing like um a little bit of a
heavier foundation but for me it's good
for those nights outs going out to the
bars or clubs or anything like that if
that's what you guys do out to dinner or
anything um really long wearing full
coverage foundation so the kat von d
tattoo lock it foundation it has 24 hour
wear full coverage transfer resistant
matte finish which is true it's a
completely matte foundation so that's
why I'm kind of like it's not really for
summer but it's still good for like
those nytimes um you know events or you
know parties or anything like that so it
is oil-free also which is good mine is
in the color m54 I think that's the
color I'm just some more makeup
obviously I should you guys this lip
liner earlier but I have been obsessing
totally obsessing over the Urban Decay
lip liners they are awesome they're
super smooth they're the 24-7 glad I lip
things they are actually for the eye and
they are the Stila smudge stick
waterproof um eyeliners now I know these
are really popular but I've never really
dabbled into the steel liners I don't
know why but I do have quite a few that
I haven't really used but lately this
month I've been using these two colors I
think I featured both of these in a
tutorial before so um I've just been
loving them I am actually wearing this
one which is lionfish this was in my
bronze goddess tutorial is this going to
focus I don't know if you guys can see
the name lionfish but it's pretty much a
dark brown color I even do a swatch for
you guys it is so gorgeous it's a really
really dark brown
have it on my eyes today all I'm wearing
is this eyeliner smudged out with I
should probably just show you anyway
smudged out with the Coastal Scents I
shadow right here that one's in roast I
literally lined my eyes did a slight
wing and then I was like you know what
let me just smudge it out I'm not
wearing any liquid liner today you guys
you guys know I'm obsessed with my
Maybelline once the letter liquid liner
not wearing that today I'm just wearing
this smudged out with that deep roast
Coastal Scents i shadow and then Mac
cork in the crease like really super
simple and easy and I've been loving
these smudge stick liners I wear these
on the water line to I'm wearing this
one on the waterline today and they
actually stay like they stay really well
but the other color I've been really
liking which is funny because this is
more of like a fall color but it's a
dark plum color called aubergine I'll
put it right next to the brown so the
bottom is line finish this one's
aubergine and it's pretty much a dark
purple too wet um so I've been loving
that I do have one almost I guess it's
kind of like a regret not really a
regret but I just I don't love it so I
can't say it's an absolute favorite for
this month but i have been using it it
seemed ali volumizing mascara which is
actually pretty popular um I've heard
some people talk about on YouTube but
yeah it looks like this I'll show you
guys the wand I've been using this
pretty much for a good amount of the
month but I can't decide if I like it
yet so it's been a long time since i've
been using this and like for me to not
decide if I like it or not I probably
don't love it you know what I mean I
like the formula i love the wand like
the brush it has i love that just
because it's not like super plasticky um
i don't know but i find it uh flaking on
me sometimes and smudging sometimes so
i'm not a huge fan of the month mally
volumizing mascara i know a lot of
people love it though so i guess it
works for some people doesn't work for
others but
one was not good for me this mine and
that is pretty much all I have for my
may 2014 favorites I hope you guys found
this helpful I wanted to give you guys
little small reviews on everything so I
hoped you guys got some kind of
information out of this let me know what
you guys have been loving for the month
of May or even right now currently let
me know what you guys have been
favoriting so I can just go to the store
check it out and maybe try it myself so
or if you have a may favorites video or
you make youtube videos tweet me I would
love to watch them I'll retweet them um
I just really want to watch favorites
videos and halls I love holidays so yeah
I hope you guys found this helpful and
enjoyed it if you have any of the
questions leave them down below I will
get back to you and other than that I
will see you guys in my next video bye
aren't you